# aaa

Use Amazon Cognito User Pools – A user pool is a user directory in Amazon Cognito. You can leverage Amazon Cognito User Pools to either provide built-in user management or integrate with external identity providers, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and Amazon. Whether your users sign-in directly or through a third party, all members of the user pool have a directory profile that you can access through a Software Development Kit (SDK).
User pools provide: 1. Sign-up and sign-in services. 2. A built-in, customizable web UI to sign in users. 3. Social sign-in with Facebook, Google, Login with Amazon, and Sign in with Apple, as well as sign-in with SAML identity providers from your user pool. 4. User directory management and user profiles. 5. Security features such as multi-factor authentication (MFA), checks for compromised credentials, account takeover protection, and phone and email verification. 6. Customized workflows and user migration through AWS Lambda triggers.
After creating an Amazon Cognito user pool, in API Gateway, you must then create a COGNITO_USER_POOLS authorizer that uses the user pool.
Incorrect options:
Use AWS_IAM authorization – For consumers who currently are located within your AWS environment or have the means to retrieve AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) temporary credentials to access your environment, you can use AWS_IAM authorization and add least-privileged permissions to the respective IAM role to securely invoke your API. API Gateway API Keys is not a security mechanism and should not be used for authorization unless it’s a public API. It should be used primarily to track a consumer’s usage across your API.
Use API Gateway Lambda authorizer – If you have an existing Identity Provider (IdP), you can use an API Gateway Lambda authorizer to invoke a Lambda function to authenticate/validate a given user against your IdP. You can use a Lambda authorizer for custom validation logic based on identity metadata.
A Lambda authorizer can send additional information derived from a bearer token or request context values to your backend service. For example, the authorizer can return a map containing user IDs, user names, and scope. By using Lambda authorizers, your backend does not need to map authorization tokens to user-centric data, allowing you to limit the exposure of such information to just the authorization function.
When using Lambda authorizers, AWS strictly advises against passing credentials or any sort of sensitive data via query string parameters or headers, so this is not as secure as using Cognito User Pools.
In addition, both these options do not offer built-in user management.
Use Amazon Cognito Identity Pools – The two main components of Amazon Cognito are user pools and identity pools. Identity pools provide AWS credentials to grant your users access to other AWS services. To enable users in your user pool to access AWS resources, you can configure an identity pool to exchange user pool tokens for AWS credentials. So, identity pools aren’t an authentication mechanism in themselves and hence aren’t a choice for this use case.
